# Broody

## Content

* Concept
* Home
* Overview
* New Plan

## Concept

In broody the user can save his plans for the gym and start them to look up what configurations they have to use or how much weight they used last time.

Because broody is mostly used in a gym it isn't available for tablets.  
Broody is only designed for portrait rotation because I've never seen anybody holding his phone in panorama mode in a gym.
And also because I don't have the time and energy to code the styling for panorama orientation.

**Icon**  
The icon was generated by Bing using a prompt generated by ChatGPT.  
I implemented it in Android Studio by generating a new Resource with the ai-generated png file.

**Name**  
Broody is inspired by roody, the app of my gym.  
Roody has a lot of bugs, so I wanted to make something better.  
That's why my app is called broody (**b***etter* **roody**).

**Theme**   
The app design has a theme color which depends on the battery level of the phone.

| Battery status | Theme color |
|----------------|-------------|
| <= 25%         | red         |
| 25% > x < 75%  | orange      |
| \>= 75%        | green       |
| charging       | blue        |

**Marketing**

This app is available in the store, but since it is designed for one specific gym company, I don't expect thousands of users.  
The main goal of broody is to replace roody in order to fix a bugs the original developer won't fix.

## Home

The home view provides a list with the user's last 5 trainings so one can start them right away.  
With the buttons on the bottom, the user can create a new plan or navigate to the overview component.

## Overview

Here the user can search for a plan and start a training.

## New Plan

Here the user can create a new plan and add machines to it.  
In the following pages the user can specify configurations for each set and for each machine.
